>> Brian Holt: Now if we come back here,
everything should be working, but
we're getting this error down here
in the console which is each item,
each child in an array should
have a unique key property.
So you should be seeing that right
now cuz we have not fixed it.
Let's talk about that.
>> Brian Holt: So imagine we had a sort
ability on here that we could sort shows
by title ascending, descending,
by when it was released sort by
all these different things, right?
Well, what would be happening is we'd
have this array of components and
we'd be like changing the order of them,
right?
And each one of these components has
a somewhat nested style of components,
there's components, within components,
within components, right?
Well right now the way it works
is React is going to check
is this array as the same
as the one that was there.
And it's gonna say no, and
then it's gonna blow everything away and
totally rerender everything.
Now that should like set off some warning
bells in your head because that's really
inefficient, right?
What it could be doing is
just reorganizing them right?
Because that's all we're doing so it could
keep all of that dom structure all those
dom nodes and just move them around.
And these aren't particularly
complicated components, right?
But imagine if they were deeply nested
components that had like, D3 charts, and
SVGs, and
all that kind of crazy stuff on there.
That could get really expensive,
really fast,
especially if you have like 100 nodes.
So now I'm painting like
worst case scenario for
you but, hopefully I'm demonstrating you
to the problem that could exist here.
So the way that you can sidestep this,
if we go back to search.jsx, we can give
basically reacts like hey, here's
a handle that you can hold onto, right?
Something really fast that you can
compare to see if something changed, and
if the order of things changed, right?
So I can say, key and
I can say key equal show dot,
something that is unique about it.
That's several pieces of information
that are unique about it, but
the most obvious one is the imdbID, right?
Typically it´s gonna be some sort of
identifier like that, but I mean it like,
maybe it's like your users table and
you can use the email as the key, right?
The only thing that's required here is
unique for that particular objects.
And a big no,
no which a lot of people are tempted to
do is just say index right here, right?
And then use index here,
but what did that bias?
Literally nothing, right?
Because if anything get sorted out of
order then the index is gonna change and
it's gonna re-render anyway, right?
So don't use index that way, unless that's
literally the only thing that changes.
>> Brian Holt: So in this case,
we're gonna use imdbID.
That way, let's say if I move Atlanta
from the first one to the last one,
it can just say, okay,
this imdbID is the same.
I'm just gonna take this one and
plop it down here.
Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: So, now we should
be able to go back over here and
everything is all good.